Right, so when I go onto the app, today's workout says Sample Workout, which is obviously, it's changed it, but that's not what I want. I want it to actually come up with workout stuff. Secondly, when you click on the weekly and monthly calendar, it still comes up with the same general cardio when it should all be linked together. Okay, so I'm going to describe it a little bit more to you. So, at the moment, you're still generating it when you click Start Workout. The generation should start when the person finishes the onboarding and they're on the app, and the generation should already be happening in the background, okay? Then when you go to the workout section, if the calendar, if it hasn't generated all its workouts yet by then, just say, hang on one minute, just generating all your workouts, okay? Just like a nice polite message that pops up. Once it's done, it can say, your workouts are ready, do you want to view them? And then it will have a week, right? And the idea is, every week, the AI regenerates it for the next week, and the next week, and the next week. And the monthly view is there so you can see your previous weeks, or if you want to see in future, you can even ask the AI to already generate your future workouts as well, okay? So that is the idea. So then when you click on a day, so let's say I click on today, it should come up with, if it's ready, the generated workout. So let's say it's an upper day push, okay? Or upper day chest, just purely chest. And then it'll show all the exercises that's listed for me, like push-ups, dumbbell press, bench press, whatever, okay? Then you can click start workout, and there should be no generating at all, because it's already generated. It just comes up with the warm-ups linked with the chest that's already generated. Then the workout, which is all the workout exercises that's generated. And then the recovery things is also generated for chest, obviously. And then when you do them, complete, blah, blah, blah, blah. And then the idea also is to then, you can log your performance, the AI gets it, you already know that. And then when you complete the workout, you can mark complete, and everything goes green, that is complete. But if you don't do it, it stays gray, and it never goes green, because we still got the previous ones looking green.